Recommend batches above minimum size for Poplar1 (#550)
ietf-wg-ppm/draft-ietf-ppm-dap: draft-ietf-ppm-dap.md

therefore a larger than expected batch size does not weaken the designed privacy
guarantee.

Implementation note: The goal for the Aggregators is to aggregate the same
number of reports in each batch. The target batch size is deployment-specific,
and may be equal to or greater than the minimum batch size. Deciding how soon
batches should be output is also deployment-specific. Exactly sizing batches may
be challenging for Leader deployments in which multiple, independent nodes
running the aggregate interaction (see {{aggregate-flow}}) need to be
coordinated. The difference between the minimum batch size and maximum batch

> size is in part intended to allow room for error, and allow a range of target

Reviewer: ```suggestion
size is in part intended to allow room for rejecting some number of invalid reports, and allow a range of target
```

Reviewer 2: Rejecting invalid reports isn't the only reason an aggregator could deviate from the target batch size, so I think David's more general text is better.

Reviewer: Hmm, what else might happen?

Author: In this sentence, "room for error" was previously referring to variance in batch size that may occur depending on how the aggregation jobs are ran by a distributed system. (depending on implementation decisions, etc.) I added the "in part" caveat in this PR because we now also need to allow for rejecting invalid reports. I can rephrase "error" to be more clear here.

Reviewer: Nah that's fine, thanks.

batch sizes.

### Batch Size Considerations {#batch-size}

If each batch will be collected only once (i.e. when using Prio3), then batch
sizes may be equal to `min_batch_size` without issue. In the case of fixed size
queries, `max_batch_size` may be equal to `min_batch_size`.

> 

Reviewer: This paragraph is a little long ... see if there is a way to split it up into more digestable chunks.

If each batch may be collected more than once (i.e. when using Poplar1), then
batches should be larger than `min_batch_size`, to allow for the possibility

> that some reports may successfully pass through VDAF preparation with the first
> aggregation parameter, but fail with a subsequent aggregation parameter. Once a

Reviewer: Instead of "pass/fail preparation", I prefer the verbiage "accept/reject".
```suggestion
that some reports may be accepted with the first
aggregation parameter, but be rejected with a subsequent aggregation parameter. Once a
```

batch has been collected for the first time, subsequent collections of the same
batch must process the same set of reports, and collections can only succeed if
the number of successfully aggregated reports is at least `min_batch_size` (see
{{time-interval-batch-validation}} and {{fixed-size-batch-validation}}). Thus,

> if enough reports fail validation that fewer than `min_batch_size` output shares

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if enough reports fail validation such that fewer than `min_batch_size` output shares
```
